Oh, Father in Heaven...
Please. Stop that demon!
Nice piece of ass...
It was a dull job.
I couldn't even get hard
playing with those bastards.
My "big asset" here is going to waste.
So just let the others
handle it next time, eh?
Master Yamaji.
A sword is a weapon
with no will of its own.
Okay, Boss!
But take it from me,
your pick-up lines are outdated as hell.
Wearing those ridiculous ninja scarves
and obeying some oath or code
is just not our style.
Unless maybe...
you're still hung up
on an old flame or something?
The exiles are no longer
considered ninjas.
We treat them as hostile
the instant they desert the organization.
And every single one of them
must be eliminated
to prevent our existence
from ever coming to light.
Well, I gotta say,
this is one tempting piece of ass.
Higan.
One of the most elite ninjas
in the history of Japan.
He's mastered
countless fighting techniques,
and is merciless when it comes
to eliminating his targets.
Truly a ninja among ninjas.
He's mine.
We dealt him a confirmed fatal blow
once before.
However, he still lives.
Oh?
He must have used his secret art.
Secret art, eh?
One of those special techniques
that only the old ninjas could use, right?
We may not be able to
definitively eliminate him
unless we uncover the nature
of his secret art.
Thus preparations are being made
to that end as we speak.
There's a quicker solution, ya know?
He'll be clinging to my leg and begging
"please let me suck it!"
after I go give him a severe ass-kicking.
Oh, that's right!
What about that other guy?
The "Reaper"...
Brandishing your sword
with no pride is just violence.
I taught you that long ago.
Remember, Zai?
How many exiled ninjas...
or rather, your former comrades
have you killed now?
The organization
has been corrupted to its core.
The only reason that you kill exiled ninja
is because you fear them.
Since those of us left are true ninja
who maintain our pride.
And if you need proof of that...
just look at the fact
you failed to kill Higan.
He proved that those of us
who retain our faith in the old ways
shall not fall to the likes of you.
Once the other exiled ninjas
get word of that,
they will surely
stand against you as I have.
Let me make it painfully clear to you...
who taught you to wield the blade.
Oh, young barn swallow
yearning for a nest it cannot reach,
wretched is the crisp fall wind
for us both!
It is impossible to defend against
a blade of wind!
This is my secret art, Flying Swallow!
You won't be able to evade my technique
a second time.
Hold on, where is your blade?!
Fine then.
I shall go to the pits of Hell...
and then wait...
for you to join me.
It's probably the Reaper...
who's itching to go
straight for Higan's head first.
I have forbid him from engaging with Higan
in any sort of battle.
So what, you're not gonna
let them fight at all?
That's a load of bullcrap!
Well, we found evidence
that this place was being used
by the Chinese mafia
to launder money for a while now.
And the fight that broke out was just
a turf war between rival organizations.
That's what our investigation concluded.
Money laundering, my ass!
They couldn't even manage to
wash a greasy pan in that dump!
Just think of it this way.
You're lucky you won't have to
eat the crappy food there anymore!
Right?
So, did the bigwigs
from above give you that line?
Mike.
Stay focused on your duties, Mike.
I won't be able to help you if you keep
sticking your nose into things like this.
And then we'll have to get that guy
you were meeting up with last night
involved as well.
Think carefully.
You'd be giving up
a comfortable retirement
where you laze about all day fishing
and drinking scotch whisky.
I actually prefer Japanese sake
over whisky these days.
Then I'll send you some.
Along with a fishing rod.
I like the sound of that.
And let me guess, the rod is made by...
AUZA, huh?
You should take some time off.
People make bad decisions
when they're tired, you know.
Don't come in again
until your retirement day.
That's my advice to you...
as your ex-partner.
Aw... It got burned all black again.
That's why I said
you should let me handle it!
I love you.
Both of you.
You got some nerve making me
come to the middle of nowhere.
My car navigation
couldn't even find this place!
It makes it easy to see anyone coming.
Told them I'd pay for damages, ya know.
But I didn't think it would be
for the whole friggin' restaurant.
I feel bad for the old man,
they framed him with bogus charges.
We're gonna have to try
and do something about that later.
You up for some peking duck?
An analysis revealed that a special alloy
was being used in this stuff.
And the patent on that alloy
is held by....
AUZA.
It seems pretty obvious that there's
a connection between AUZA
and the ninjas who attacked us.
I'm going to keep digging
and see if I can find any more clues.
AUZA...
That company must be pretty damn dangerous
to be able to keep the FBI on a leash.
They want me to back off.
Makes sense, though.
Considering I almost died back there.
They've already killed me once.
Now I'm going to hunt down
every last one of them and make them pay.
You plan on murdering them all?
Just so we're clear...
when it comes down to it,
I'm going to have to arrest you.
That being said,
it looks like I've got a ton
of other perps to handcuff first.
Protecting citizens from criminals.
That's still my duty.
Besides, I've never liked fishing.
Here's to a temporary truce.
Can't say I've had the experience
of dealing with shadowy freaks like ninjas
despite my long tenure at the bureau.
Sharing a drink.
That's how alliances are formed.
Still can't believe I have to work
with a sketchy weirdo like you...
but I gotta get back at those bastards.
For the old man.
Wait a sec, this isn't even alcohol!
It's an energy drink.
Huh?!
Seriously...
I'll never understand you ninjas.
It's not a ninja thing.
It's just what I like.
Well, whatever.
Onto the next subject...
For the time being,
we have a lead with AUZA.
And I've got someone on the way
who knows a thing or two about them.
Oh, there they are.
Why did it have to be her and not me?!
I'm sorry, Jessie.
You're the only one for me.
Oh, you...
Do you remember what I taught you
back when you were a trainee?
"Never be late for a meeting," right?
Great.
Then I guess the next lesson I gotta
teach you is the definition of "late."
Roundabout sarcasm like that
is totally gonna kill your popularity
with the ladies, ya know?
Shut it!
Listen, you're always the one who-
Yeah, I get it!
But what else was I supposed to do?
Not only did I need an excuse
to get out of work,
but I had to go fetch this baby.
I brought her all the way from home, okay?
What's this junker of a car
got to do with anything?
"Junker"?! You gotta be kidding me!
Your ride is what we call a piece of junk!
Huh? A car is good enough
as long as it still runs.
You have no taste whatsoever.
This is an early model
of a historic economy car
that was built by one of the
best designers of the 20th century.
You recognize it?!
It has an air-cooled four-cylinder,
1500cc displacement engine.
The bodywork with a
rear-mounted engine and rear-wheel drive
was its most characteristic feature.
It's a good car.
That's a ninja for you! Superb taste!
Calm down, she's on our side.
Who do you think analyzed those weird,
futuristic weapons that we found?
I've always been fascinated by ninjas!
Hey, I've got a question for you.
Is it true you guys planted fast-growing
trees to jump over as part of your trai-
That's enough.
I'm not here to chat
about cars and ninjas.
Right, we're here to talk about AUZA.
Please hop in.
Why? We going somewhere?
Not exactly.
Christ, there's no room in here!
C'mon. Scoot over a little more, would ya?
Settle down now, boys.
-Friggin'...
-You'll stop complaining
after you see this.
Hot damn!
Welcome to my pride and joy.
This car is basically a giant,
moving computer that I customized.
I can gather any information that I need
from all over the world in here.
So, I did my own research
on the company in question.
AUZA is a multinational enterprise
involved in the development of
military weapons, telecommunications,
entertainment, clean energy,
and pretty much every technology
you can think of,
with a high global market share to boot.
The rate that AUZA has penetrated markets
across the world is insane.
Their products are constantly replacing
various software and
hardware systems day after day.
It's safe to say there's no country
in the world without AUZA now.
But at the same time,
that rapid growth has given way
to a lot of dark rumors about the company.
Like what?
Well, there have been several key figures
from major rival enterprises,
along with journalists
who were investigating alleged fraud,
and other people who were
inconvenient to the company
that have all died in mysterious ways.
Even just recently...
The man you see here was one of
the top conservative politicians
well-known throughout Europe.
He refused any and all foreign companies
from doing business in his country,
until a week ago, when he passed away
in a sudden car accident.
His successor is now
doing the exact opposite
by actively attracting
foreign companies
in the name of improving
domestic technology.
And one of those companies is...
AUZA.
Yes, there have been too many convenient
deaths alongside AUZA's progress.
My guess is that ninjas are the ones
behind it all.
A big international corporation
and ninjas, huh?
If this is all true...
then we've got
a real nightmare on our hands.
Magnificent.
It never ceases to amaze me
whenever I see it!
Regarding the AUZA Reactor here, sir...
the output has increased since last time,
and now it is capable of producing
2.2 million kilowatts of power per second.
And our wireless power transfer system
that utilizes mili-wave beams
is also making good progress.
This is the light that will illuminate
the future, my friends!
If we can make this
technology commonplace,
then the world will never be the same!
AUZA is the best
and must become the one and only!
Because the magic that we produce here
will change people's lives.
And then, in the near future,
AUZA will be the new standard
for the world!
Oh, hey!
How nice to see you here!
I would suggest that
we chat over dinner, but...
seeing as how you came here directly,
it must be something urgent, right?
Ah!
Yes, those are guys from my team.
We desperately needed
to get some field data
on a weapon that we're developing.
And a ninja is the perfect test subject,
since they have superhuman abilities.
Of course, I made sure
they targeted an ex-ninja
who has nothing to do
with your organization.
Okay, I'll give you
a proper heads up next time.
But we need more data
on the weapons we're developing.
It benefits the goods provided
on your side as we-
We're partners, remember!
We need to work together
to build a better future.
Don't pull a stunt like that ever again.
This can be considered the center
of the huge enterprise known as AUZA,
their main headquarters.
It's the best starting point if we want
to figure out what AUZA is really up to
and how the ninjas
figure into all of this.
Their headquarters
are located here in AUZA City.
It's an experimental city
that's run entirely by AUZA
to test their various new technologies
and energy sources.
Look here.
Wha-
Step on it!
Shit!
What the hell is happening?!
Did you get him?
Now those are serious ninja ski-
Now we can finally talk...
Higan.